column letter, name, type, instructions
A, Lease Audit Grade, read-only, none
B, Count/Remove, read-only, none
C, Lease Type, read-only, none
D, First Name, read-only, used for findNext()
E, Last Name, read-only, used for findNext()
F, Agent, read-only, none
G, Floor Plan, read-only, check first page of lease for "Floor Plan" field
H, Occupancy Type / Space Option, read-only, none
I, Unit #, read-only, none
J, Lease Start Date in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "Start Date" field. 2. Prompt user with comparison of info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row K to true if user confirms match.}
K, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column J
L, Lease End Date in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "End Date" field. 2. Prompt user with comparison of info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row M to true if user confirms match.}
M, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column L
N, Base Rate in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "Rent" field. 2. Prompt user with comparison of info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row O to true if user confirms match.}
O, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column N
P, Monthly Concessions in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "Monthly Concession" field. 2. Prompt user with info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row Q to true if user confirms match.}
Q, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column P
R, Total Rate in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "TOTAL INSTALLMENT" field. 2. Prompt user with info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row S to true if user confirms match.}
S, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column R
T, Total Contract Amount in DN, read-only, {1.check third page of lease for text after "the sum of $" text. 2. Prompt user with info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row U to true if user confirms match.}
U, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column T
V, Security Deposit in DN, read-only, {1.check first page of lease for text after "Security Deposit" field. 2. Prompt user with info found in lease and in spreadsheet. 3. Set row W to true if user confirms match.}
W, DN Matches Lease?, input, linked to column V
X, One Time #1 Type, read-only, none
Y, One Time #1 Value, read-only, none
Z, One Time #2 Type, read-only, none
AA, One Time #2 Value, read-only, none
AB, DN Matches Lease?, input, Prompt user to click button to check box
AC, Special Provisions / Lease Notes / One-Time Incentives - specify if applicable, read-only, none
AD, Lease Signed by Resident, input, {1.Scroll to last page of lease. 2. Prompt user to acknowledge if lease is signed by resident. 3. Set row AD to true if user confirms.}
AE, Lease Signed by Manager, input, {1.Scroll to last page of lease. 2. Prompt user to acknowledge if lease is signed by manager. 3. Set row AE to true if user confirms match.}
AF, Application Signed by Applicant/Guarantor, {1.Navigate to resident's documents page (check if currently in lease and just need to exit, or if page is unknown). 2. Click on the "Application" document. 3. Go to page 12, and then scroll up 1/4 page. 4. Prompt user to acknowledge If application is signed. 5. If acknowledge, set AF to true.}
AG, Guarantor Form Signed, {1. Return to resident's Documents page. 2. Select Lease - Signed. 3. On page 29, find text "(Guarantor)". 3. Prompt the user to acknowledge if the page is signed. 4. If the user acknowledges, set box AG to true.}
AH, Qualifying Method, read-only, none
AI, Criminal, input, {1. In the resident's Documents, select the Screening Decision Summary Letter. 2. If the text "Pass" is found on the page, prompt the user to acknowledge if screening is passed. 3. If the user acknowledges, set AI to true.}
AJ, Credit, input, {1. Check if the Screening Decision Summary Letter is open. If not, navigate to the tenant's documents section and select the Screening Decision Summary Letter. 2. Search the page for "Pass". If found, prompt the user to acknowledge if screening is passed. 4. If the user acknowledges, set AJ to TRUE.}
AK, Age, read-only, none
AL, DN Data Score, read-only, none
AM, Leap Declaration Page Uploaded, input, {1. Prompt the user to complete this page manually. When completed, click "Next" to continue.}
AN, Leap - Correct "Student with Leap" Relationship Used, input, {1. From the resident's Documents page, click on the "Household" page on the same bar. 2. Prompt user to acknowledge if correct relationship used. 3. If user acknowledges, set AN to TRUE.}
AO, Proof of Employment/Rental History/International Docs Uploaded, {1. Navigate to the resident's Documents tab. 2. Prompt the user to complete this step manually, and click "Next" when completed.
AP, Renewed in Entrata, read-only, none
AQ, Future Status in Entrata, read-only, none
AR, Scheduled Billing Correct, read-only, none
AS, Future Status in Entrata (Manual), read-only, none
AT, Scheduled Billing Correct (Manual), read-only, none
AU, Grade, read-only, none
AV, Possible Points, read-only, none
AW, Lease has issues, read-only, none
AX, Pending Corrections from DN, read-only, none
AY, Audit Comments, read-only, none
